We have traveled back in time to a critical time in our history. This is a key moment where our world was nearly destroyed by a mind numbing technology that turned everyone into zombies. This is the zombie apocalypse!
It's horrible. What caused our ancestors to suffer this terrible fate?
It's these strange devices they are all carrying around and staring at.  They've all been put into a trance by these things. They can't stop looking at them.
What's that strange sound they're all making?
We call it the iMoan.
This is too horrible. I can't watch. Why did you bring me back to see all this? 
Because history tells us you are the one who stops it. A time traveler with your name is the one who saves humanity?
Are you sure it was me?  Jones is a pretty common name.  I went to school with someone with the same name first and last name even, that's how common it is.
I sure hope you're the right one. We've been planning this your entire life.
You mean you've been grooming me my whole life to travel back in time and save the world?
Yes.
That explains the guy in the suit and sunglasses that was always following me around as a kid.
I was hoping you didn't notice that.
He was creepy! He gave me nightmares!
Sorry about that.
I had to get therapy!
We paid for that.
It helped. Thanks. 
You're welcome.
So how am I supposed to save the world anyway?
We're not sure. We just know that you somehow do it alone. No mention of anyone else.
No mention of you?
Affirmative. Very odd indeed. 
Hey! Lookout! That zombie is driving a car while looking at one of those devices!
This is  bad. These are all manual vehicles.  No self driving cars in this time period. 
It's headed right for us! 
I have to stop it. You have to be safe!  You must complete your mission!
What are you doing?! 
Oh no!  Baker's dead. What do I do? Okay, stay calm Jones.  You were trained for this kind of situation.  The emergency kit.  Look in the emergency kit. We have a wound self-cleaning bandage, common cold cure tablet, unlimited credit instant currency card good for any time period, instant shelter just add water, daily meal pill...  a sonic toothbrush...
Did the sonic toothbrush just disrupt your phone?
This sonic toothbrush has higher settings... I'll turn it to up popcorn stuck between the teeth.
What's going on?
I don't know.
Where am I?
Welcome to the future, my good people.  I have freed you of the terrible creature that took over your world.  Be free of this hideous device forever.
Hey!  I don't have insurance on that!
I have the dropsie plan. I can drop it and get a new one. I do that monthly. I always have to have the latest phone.
Let's go get new ones.  I hear the new iPid is awesome.
What's an iPid?
I have no clue but it's new!
I want one!
It's no good.  They are obsessed.  I will have to find a way to destroy all the phones.  Let's set this to plaque removal.
Teeth whitening.
Root canal!
Who would have thought someone could save the world with a sonic toothbrush?
